content/projects/virtualcampus.md, before:

+++
date = "2024-11-30T22:51:40Z"
title = 'Virtual Campus - Projeto Red'
cover = '/public/404.png'
+++
### My Journey as a Programmer

During my second year at university, I was honored to be invited by the faculty to participate in a significant project as a programmer. It was an exceptional opportunity that allowed me to contribute my skills in various aspects:

**Accomplished Work:**

- **Front End and Middleware Development:** Implemented the entire front end and middleware in React, including interactions and the integration of UX design elements.
- **Translation of Functions:** Adapted bilateral JavaScript functions from React to C# for WebGL in Unity.
- **Core Functionalities:** Developed essential functionalities within the Unity environment.

Additionally, I proposed the use of React for the interface part, as the initial idea of implementing a traditional web interface inside Unity didn't make any sense. This decision proved to be efficient and effective for the project.

Through this experience, I learned how to communicate and handle WebGL with React and how they integrate seamlessly.

This experience not only honed my technical skills but also enriched my understanding of collaborative project development.

Check the example work [Here](https://conteudos.red-de.lusoinfo.com/assets/activities/ACT.VisitasLote3/?modality=16&base_url=https://dr.red-de.lusoinfo.com/) or [Here](https://conteudos.red-de.lusoinfo.com/assets/activities/ACT.VisitasLote2/?modality=16&base_url=https://dr.red-de.lusoinfo.com/)

Commit message:

added more content, re-edit older content

content/projects/virtualcampus.md, after:

+++
date = "2024-11-30T22:51:40Z"
title = 'Virtual Campus - Projeto Red'
image = ''
+++

{{< youtube SN_7krgupIc >}}



**Work:**
During my second year at university, I was honored to be invited by the university to participate in a significant project as a programmer. It was an exceptional opportunity that allowed me to contribute my skills in various aspects.

I proposed and implemented the entire frontend using React, rather than Unity itself, and also developed several Unity-side features that are part of the final product.

I’m currently waiting for a certificate to formally confirm my contribution to this project.

**Architecture**
React application - Manipulates the webgl build from unity to show and execute logic.
Unity portion(webgl) - Contains the actual envvironment of logic that presents the world, the world space ui and also it rolls out the data from the points of interest inserted in the data tool.
Data tool - Tool that is capable of edit/create objects in json as locations with points of interest that needs descriptions, without the need to compile another webgl build from unity.

**My contribution:**
- **Front End and Middleware Development:** Implemented the entire front end and middleware in React, including interactions and the integration of UX design elements.
- **Translation of Functions:** Adapted bilateral JavaScript functions from React to C# for WebGL in Unity to communicate the data from and to both technologies.
- **Core Functionalities:** Developed essential functionalities within the Unity environment, like zoom, relation between ui in screen space and world space.


Check the example work [Here](https://conteudos.red-de.lusoinfo.com/assets/activities/ACT.VisitasLote3/?modality=16&base_url=https://dr.red-de.lusoinfo.com/) or [Here](https://conteudos.red-de.lusoinfo.com/assets/activities/ACT.VisitasLote2/?modality=16&base_url=https://dr.red-de.lusoinfo.com/)
